The answers are listed after the reporting help text.

Group report

   Group work for the problems may be reported and presented in various forms (presentations, posters, etc) during the course, depending on the problem. For every
   problem, each group also submits a brief written report in Moodle. Where appropriate, the group report should cover aspects such as:

   0. Identification of group and problem

   1. Substance

     * How did you approach the problem?
     * What kind of choices did you make and why?
     * What kind of results did you get? What did you learn from them?
     * What kind of difficulties did you face?
     * In hindsight, propose improvements to solving the problem.

   Remember that many of the problems are open and no perfect or right solutions exist, so do not try to find one. Instead, try to understand and describe what the
   methods you consider can do and what not. Propose ideas that could perhaps be helpful in solving the remaining issues.

   2. Group learning:

     * What did you set as your learning objectives for this problem?
     * How did you study and learn as a group?
     * How did you divide and organize work in the group?

   3. Group self evaluation:

     * Did the group work well together? Why?
     * Did all group members contribute at least satisfactorily?
     * How will you improve the way your group works?

   4. Evaluation of the problem and teaching:

     * Was the problem too large or too small? Was it too difficult or too easy? Too specific or too vague?
     * Did you have, as a group, suitable background to work on the problem?
     * How could the problem description be improved (for the next course of later problems in this course)?
     * How could teaching be improved?

   5. Other comments, ideas, observations, feedback?
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

0:
	group name: damage
	group memebers:
		Teemu Kuusisto		hlub
		Simo Linkola		assamite
		Chunxiang Li		czli
		Nicole Althermeler	altherme
		Ganjalf				?

1:
	approach: 
		implementing the algorithm, 
		experiments with the algorithm
	choices made:
		We choose to implement the algorithm in Python language. 
	results:
		Frequencies of single courses
		Excluding sutdents who have taken only few courses resulted more interesting numbers than using the whole data
	learned:
		The basic idea behind the apriori algorithm
		The algorithmcan be improved in many ways
		Improving candidate generation were discussed much
	difficulties:
		The data was a bit odd:
			listed course names did not match the names in the data
			There were year numbers in the course names messing the data up
		The book has no pseudo code of candidate generation (F_{k-1} \times F_{k-1} method)
	improvements to solve:
		More discussion of the problem and data could be good idea
2. Group learning:
	learning objectives for this problem:
		the idea of the algorithm
		getting started with tools and getting familiar with the group
	studying and learning:
		
	organization of the group:
		Some of the members implemented the algorithm and others experimented with it
3. Group self evaluation:
	Did the group work well together? Why?
	Did all group members contribute at least satisfactorily?
	How will you improve the way your group works?

4. Evaluation of the problem and teaching:
	Was the problem too large or too small? Was it too difficult or too easy? Too specific or too vague?
		The problem was not too large. The assignment wa a bit too open.
		This was anyway quite good problem to start the course.
	Did you have, as a group, suitable background to work on the problem?
	How could the problem description be improved (for the next course of later problems in this course)?
	How could teaching be improved?
